Finalize support for encrypted identifiers (#323)
transcend-io/cli: README.md

yarn tr-request-export --auth=$TRANSCEND_API_KEY --transcendUrl=https://api.us.transcend.io
```

With Sombra authentication

> ```sh

Reviewer: i think tr-request-restart also needs an update. its only needs `--sombraAuth` if also the `--copyIdentifiers` flag is provided

## Proxy usage

If you are trying to use the cli inside a corporate firewall and need to send traffic through a proxy, you can do so via the `http_proxy` environment variable or the `--httpProxy` flag, with a command like `yarn tr-pull --auth=$TRANSCEND_API_KEY --httpProxy="http://localhost:5051"`.

> ## Changelog

Reviewer: nit: would put this at the top of the file since its such a big file

> To stay up to date on the latest changes, please refer to [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stay up to date on breaking changes to the cli between major version updates, please refer to [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md).
```
